hi i'm matt from turtle beach today i'd
like to tell you about the airforce XP
300 and XP 400 premium xbox headsets
with wireless game and chat the XP 300
in XP 400 use the latest technology to
deliver a premium Xbox gaming experience
in fact they're so advanced they have
wireless Xbox chat just like the x32 and
x42 the main difference between the XP
300 and the XP 400 models is that the XP
300 is a stereo headset while the XP 400
has Dolby surround sound that lets you
pinpoint the exact direction of every
sound in the game so what makes them
premium headsets for one thing they have
two digital radios one for game sounds
and another for wireless chat the game
radio uses our new state-of-the-art dual
band 5 gigahertz Wi-Fi technology for
superior wireless performance because
they use 5 gigahertz Wi-Fi these
headsets won't interfere with 2.4
gigahertz wireless lans or other 2.4
gigahertz wireless devices in your home
5 gigahertz Wi-Fi is first in gaming
headsets and you'll only find them in
turtlebeach the XP 300 and XP 400 each
include an ex ba adapter for wireless
Xbox Live Chat the X ba adapter plugs
into the xbox controller and
communicates with the Bluetooth radio in
the headset eliminating the cable
between the headset and the controller
and the Bluetooth radio and the headset
also lets you answer your mobile phone
while you're playing a game or if you
have a ps3 you can use it the chat on
the PSN network you can even use it to
chat on a Bluetooth equipped PC or
laptop this Bluetooth radio is another
feature you'll only find on turtlebeach
headsets the XP 300 + XP 400 also have
rechargeable batteries so you can enjoy
hours of uninterrupted gameplay before
the headset needs to be recharged and
when it does you can keep playing while
it's charging by connecting this
included cable like most turtle beach
headset the XP 300 and XP 400 have mic
monitoring so you can hear your voice
when you speak into the mic they also
have a very
mic monitor control so you can turn it
down or turn it up or turn it off it's
up to you
there's also chat boost which increases
the chat voice level as the game gets
louder so you can always hear what
online players are saying and we've also
added a chat silencer that eliminates
digital noise from your Xbox controller
that way you'll hear complete silence
when nothing is going on both models
also include equalizer presets so you
can select bass boost treble boost or
both to improve the sound of your game
the XP 300 includes a sound field
expander to boost sounds on the left and
right sides so you can always hear who's
sneaking up on you on the XP 400 the
sound field expander is replaced with a
blast limiter which reduces the sound
level of blast and other loud sounds
letting you boost the low-level sounds
and hear what's going on around you the
XP 400 also has Dolby surround sound
with variable surround sound angles that
let you position the speaker's in the
sound field for optimum performance now
let's take a quick look at the
transmitters the XP 300 and XP 400
transmitters are small so they fit just
about anywhere there are powered by the
Xbox USB port so you won't have to worry
about a power adapter and if you're
using it overseas you won't have to
worry about special adapter plugs for
your power connection the XP 300
transmitter also has an extra jack so
you can connect your game console and a
digital audio player at the same time
and listen to your favorite music while
you're gaming as you can see these
premium headsets look a lot like our
top-of-the-line XP 500 which means
they're built for comfort and ruggedness
the ear cups are oversized so they fit
comfortably around your ears large 50
millimeter speakers give you super deep
bass and crystal-clear highs and the ear
cups also twist 90 degrees so you can
comfortably sit them on your shoulders
between gaming sessions and the control
buttons are conveniently located so you
can easily find them while you're
wearing the headset with all these
amazing features it's easy to see why
the xB 300 and XP 400 our premium
headsets they're made for Xbox
gamers who want superior performance but
they also work great with ps3 they sound
great feel great and deliver features
that give you a serious edge against the
competition to find out more about the
XP 300 and xp for hundred as well as
other xbox ps3 and pc headsets visit
turtlebeach comm or watch our youtube
video that shows you how to set up the
XP 300 and xp for hundred